# Collateral

An improvement on Mint.com for transaction analysis, I am building this while on paternity leave, in the brief minutes I get while being full time Papa.

### Proposed:

- Fully offline, all data generated from statements rather than connections to accounts.
- Tag transactions for logical grouping
- Fetch ETF makeup for stock/risk exposure & track stock price daily for account value.
- Handle different currencies including currency fluctuations daily.
- Detect / plan with understanding of recurring transactions volume & value.

### Phase 1 (Done):

Load in transactions from a CSV, present them in a UI to allow searching and tagging. Save the modifications back to the DB.

### Phase 2 (Mostly-Done):

Single chart view. Series generated by selecting data with tag filters (ie, "2017", "Amazon" would be a chart of all Amazon tagged expenses from 2017).

- Chart allows adding multiple series.
- Is a line chart, with weekly and monthly views.
- Supports Year-over-year mode.

### Phase 3:

Support for pie charts, and group by's (ie, show me "restaurant" tagged transactions, group by description to show a pie chart of all restaurant spending by type of restaurant).

The same applies for stacked area charts.

### Phase 4:

Compose and save collections of charts into dashboards.

### Phase 5 (In Progress):

Either tracking stocks, real-estate assets, or "Accounts" rather than just transactions. This moves from an event based view of transactions, to a state based view of "what's my bank balance history?" based on transactions.

### Phase 6:

Gets a bit open ended here, but forecasting, scenario analysis, risk exposure, etc. based on the accounts and asset holdings.
